This mini-project contains three different files that serve as the function files. The file initializePlate.m contains the function initializePlate(n). The purpose of this function is to create an array thats n by n and assign it temperatures based on the position of the element. An array plate is created with the n provided by the user where every point is 25. The if statement is used to inform the user that any number below 2 is not allowed. There is a special case for n = 2 becuase it is easier to assign the values for a 2 by 2. In the for loop, we loop through all the points and only assign values to the boarders. If it is the top boarder it will be assigned 100, the right boarder will be assigned 75, the bottom boarder is assigned 50, and the left boarder is assigned 0. Once the array is complete, it continues to the second part of the code where, if n is two, the values are updated based on the two adjacent points. Two has its own special case since running it through the for loop will cause it to update the temperatures and use the updated temperatures as part of the average. If n is bigger than 2, it goes through every point and when it reaches a corner, it will take the two adjacent points and find the average of the two and update the corner to it.
The file updateTemperature is for the function updateTemperature(plate). This function is used to find the average of the four adjacent points for every interior point. In order to ensure the code works, the array needs to be a n by n so there is an error message shown for when an array with n by m is used. The second special case is for when the array is a 2 by 2. This is because the array does not contain any interior points so there is no use for it, that is why there is an error message showing that it cannot be used. Inside the else, there is an array created with the same size as the original array. In the for loop, the boarders of the oringial plate is stored into the updatedPlate since the boarders are not averaged. The second for loop starts at 2 to avoid the boarders and only take into account the interior points. The values of the four adjacent points are added and averaged. The copy of the plate is updated with the averages as the loop continues. Since averages are stored in the copy, I do not have to worry about the points in the original plate getting updated. 
The file analyzePlate is the last function that is analyzePlate(initialPlate, plate). This function is used to calculate the average temperature of the plate as well as identifying the index of the point that contains the highest temperature change between the first and last iteration. AvgTemp is set to zero so it can be updated after the for loop is finished. The same is done for total. The for loop goes through every point adding it to the total and when the loop is finished it divides the total with the number of points there are to get the average and avgTemp is updated. The variable maxDiff, saveI, and saveJ are created outside the loop so it will update through the loop. The for loop is used to compare the current absolute difference between the same points in the initial plate and updated plate. If the current difference is greater than the max difference, it is updated so that the new max difference will be the current point. Once it stores the highest difference, it will save the points in saveI and saveJ. Once the loop ends, maxChangePoint is updated to have index of the highest temperature change. 
Finally, the Homework2 file is used as the main script. A 50 by 50 array called plate is created and the function initializedPlate is used on it. Then the array is saved as an imaged and stored using saveas. The code in the middle creates a movie by keeping track of the iterations of using updateTemperature on the array plate and saved as a frame. Once the iterations are done, the frame rate is set and the video is created. Finally, the function analyzePlate function is used with the initialPlate and new plate as inputs. A plot is created to show the temperature distributions along the diagonal and saved using the saveas. 
